language:en-US Good afternoon. All right, let's see if we got this working here. Yeah, So don't expect a regular presentation here. My talk is about build a thing that builds the thing. I want to inspire you a little bit how to approach building software in the future. You know, it's been not even a year since we have coding agents and it's kind of like half a year since they got good and there's no stopping down. So a lot of the ways we built software in the past I feel are obsolete and we we haven't really figured it out yet. I'm curious here, is anyone here who maintains open source? Yes. How are you handling the pain? So I kind of stumbled into into open claw people. I saw this all these articles where people say, oh, Peter made 43 projects that failed and then finally like one worked. And I had to laugh at this because none of these projects failed. All of these projects are things I built for myself to work faster to like mostly actually to like help my agents to work faster. Like anytime you build software now, your job is no longer to, to figure out how you build software faster. Really your job should be, what can I do to help my agent to build software faster? And even more so, it's all about closing the loop. You know, last year I built, I, I spent a few months building a SaaS and the agent would write code and then it would like, tell me it's done. And then I would look at the browser, I would pitch at the agent. It will like go in the loop, it will fix it. And eventually we will be there. And that was until I figured out like, hey, no, the the agent just cannot make a screenshot. You know, just like humans would like anything that where you feel this is something I do repeatedly. Just start thinking, how can I automate this? How can I, how can I help my agent to close the loop? So I'm going to guide you a little bit through all my failed projects and give you a little bit of the, the, the thought process I put on this website a little bit. It's pure slop, but I think it's kind of nice for that all the little tools that we built to build Opencloud and I don't think it's even complete. So my, my first problem was that open clock clinic exploded and then the issues and PRS started increasing. And I didn't know that this number you actually once it reaches 5K, it stays at 5K and kind of masks. At some point we had like more than 10,000 issues because people don't, they don't look. They're just like, oh, I mean people, the agents don't look. You know, it's like, let's not pretend any of that is, is is written by humans anymore. And I know a lot of open source people get really mad at all the slop they're getting, but I feel you can't fight the world. You have to figure out a way how to deal with that. So I see differently. Yes, there's a lot of slop, but the real problem is that it's still called pull request. I call it prompt request because what you really want is anytime someone opens an issue or PR, it's just a signal that somebody's not happy with what you built and it's asking for a change. Actually, like these two things are like interchangeable, like mostly doesn't matter if it's an issue or PR, Sometimes an issue is actually nicer because I can work fresh if it's a pull request and like somebody used Claude, I'm like I it's probably takes me more time to like make my agent read the code and then like bitch at the code and then rewrite the code. But the first thing, the first thing I had to, I had to solve was how do I get this number down? And I tried, obviously you tried tools, right? I tried code rabbit, I tried grabbed, I tried a bunch of tools and they were nice, but they ultimately would just give me a review. I wanted more I reviews are nice but I kind of want something that automatically groups and closes the issues and I couldn't find anything good. And in this day and age you don't actually need to wait anymore to like find stuff. You can just build your own stuff. So I built close rebar again, totally slopped website because the website doesn't matter. But it's actually really simple to build. Like I don't know what all these SAS tools where their mode is, because ultimately any time someone opens an issue or a pull request, I just start a codex in the cloud. We are a GitHub action and have a nice prompt that explains the codex. Like what is, what's the goal of the project? What's our vision? I do this now for any of my open source projects. I have a vision dot MD and part of my standard prompt is that my agent reads that file and in that file is kind of like what stuff that yes, we totally want, What stuff that definitely we don't want. And based on those rules clause, Reaper will run and we'll just either comment on the issue or close the issue. And through that, I was able to like close around 15,000 issues. I mean, yes, I also operate under assumption that I have infinite tokens. You could definitely do this a little bit more efficient. But we didn't stop there. Once we had a system that could close issues, of course, we also wanted to review issues. And it's not a static process, right? At our scale, any time a fixed lens on main, there's a good chance that I solve an issue that I've never read because there's like many thousand issues open. So what we do is actually we rerun clause weeper on every issue and pull request at least once a week. Depending on how many tokens you want to spend, you could do it every day. So what regularly happens is is that I I have an integration on Discord and then and then the report will tell me yeah, a close issue from three months ago that I've never seen just because, because Kodak, a classic would run on that issue. And then a person that wrote an issue will get a will get a response. Hey, we fixed this on main. And again, it's something I don't have to deal with it. I automated it. It solves the problem. I also build a nice dashboard. So I see right now there's only 18, 18 codecs working right now and this is how it looks. It's just one long comment that explains what it does and it gives people a ray of issues that they that they need to solve. Typical stuff. The next thing I I had to solve now. Now the project gained momentum. I added more maintainers and some people turn out to be really good. Some people, they kind of showed up for a few days and then disappeared. And I was very liberal in the beginning of adding people and I lost a little bit overview. So I wanted a dashboard. So I just built the dashboard. So now we have reports with open claw. This is not public for everyone because it because you want a little bit more data. Actually, I'm not just looking at GitHub issues. I also look at all our Discord stuff. So to me, being a good maintainer doesn't just mean you push code domain also means that you participate in discussions, which we use Discord for that. So, so this system integrates all data from Discord. Now that brought me to the next problem. How do I get the data from Discord? Well, let's just build this crawl. Like in this day and age, any problem is just a prompt away. Like building this thing is never the hard thing. Maintaining this thing is actually the hard thing. But again, even even on even now, when I when I maintain stuff, I don't think about the project level anymore. I it looks like this. I basically tell I go one level beyond. I go into my projects folder and ask codex, hey, let's try ash. What are the things that I should work on? And it just finds a list of all the all my projects and open issues. And then I basically say, yes, do all of them because I already have my slop is better than your slop. No, I don't do all of them because there's still sometimes people report weird stuff and I don't fully trust my agents. So I want to, I want to read that right. So again, I, I'm a lazy person. I could click on each of those URLs, but it's kind of like slow. So I built something where you just select the text and I built myself an issue browser because again, it was like like there was like just a few clicks too much. It annoyed me a little bit too much and and the critical the critical thing that you are is like your time is limited, so you need to build the tools to build the tools. So again, I built this little slop wiped issue browser where I can copy by now any format because turns out there is clank is given an almost unlimited amount of versions how to format things. So I anytime something didn't work, I just like fixed it to make it work. And now it basically parses all the formats that it's ever seen. And I can very quickly click through this list. In many cases, the agents are already so good because I have this vision dot MD file that the selection is mostly right. And they usually say do those eight. Don't do those two because I know this needs actual time. You know, anytime you work with agents, you want to optimize what they can do autonomously and then it doesn't matter how long it takes. You want to you want to really manage the focus time where you want to be in the loop for the things that are important and all the things. What is that even Gmail draft create. Yeah, that's pretty nice feature. Oh yeah. Let's look at this. This is a nice feature on GOG. Another thing that I built because I got annoyed that Google doesn't have a CLI and I want my agents to access all my Google yes, like codecs has Gmail integration and now calendar integration, but only for one account against and it annoyed me. So I just built the CLI that can do everything anytime something's missing because I, I, I control the whole stack. My agent controls the whole stack. So it can just fix itself like so like you own the whole universe. Anything is fixable. And this is all these issues are are super nice because this would eventually add a feature codecs can not only build it, but also end to end verify it because I of course have like a demo account on GOG so it can end to end test the whole feature. And I basically have to do nothing other than saying yes. And I can ship it and I can ship it with confidence because it's end to end tested. So then I build this scroll for the maintenance reports. Turns out this is like this solves a much bigger problem because when you do open source and you have multiple thousands of issues, it's very hard to know what's actually the thing that I should work on. So now I I hooked up this crawl to codecs and it will it will go through all my channels and I can't basically ask it what are people screaming the most correlated to open issues and PRS and find me the top five things I should work on. It should like match it with my vision document. Pick the stuff that you can work autonomously and then basically it can run off and work for doesn't matter how many hours you can, you can parallelize it. And then what you always should know when you build, even when you highly automate this agent is you should have this the, you should have the overview of your system. So you will know which issues are like, probably fine, probably fine. Oh, this is Harry. I need to look at that more specifically. So I built disk crawl. And then of course, all my maintainers wanted disk crawl. But again, it there's no, there's no public way to get all this data. So I used a bot multi that was in this code to like use him to access all the data. But then how do you distribute it to to the other maintainers? Well, what's the what's the simplest backup system there is GitHub. So, so all the, all the data from our Discord is not just in some oh, this could store just in some, some format that serializes the database and anyone that uses Discord can just use this as an alternative data server if they don't have a bot token because I didn't want to give my bot token to all the people. This is good enough. Again, problem solved. Now, if you're like me and you're maintaining a lot of open source projects, what I always wanted was a way to have this a little dashboard of like what actually needs my attention. Where are the most pull requests? Should I do another release? But there wasn't really anything good, so I just build release bar and now I can filter on this specifically how many days since the last release? So whenever I do like my little fixes and you know, software, if you don't constantly garden your software, it's dead because dependencies, everything needs updating, systems change. So now I have a nice dashboard to know when should I do another release and I can basically filter on stuff that need attention. And again, the beauty of all these little all these little tools that you build to help you build the thing, they're not system critical. So all these tools, I didn't, yes, I actually didn't look at any of that code because it doesn't matter. Like for, for stuff that a lot of people run open claw, I read more code than people would think. But for all this little helper tools, vibe them away. And if you don't, maybe you use them a lot, then you can like iterate on them. Maybe they don't work out at no cost. Yeah, we talked about the little browser here. There's another thing. Now that I, I use more and more aids to work on things in parallel, I hit another problem. There's only so many GitHub tokens that you can use. And then, and because we have so many issues and I instructed my, my agent to look at find related issues. I always ran out of token. And I know that I, I don't know if they get the people out here like they're good friends and I have someone literally clicking a button once an hour to reset Peter's rate limits. But the problem is these people need sleep. It's not clankers. So so so when I was working weird hours like Ashley wasn't around, I couldn't ping her to like reset my tokens again. I find being annoyed is the very best way to solve problems. So I built Octopus and you're like, my feelings were like transported into this distinct feelings. But the principle is the principle is very, very easy. Octopus. Let's see if this actually works. But again, the the principle is very easy. You as a as a individual have 5000 API tokens per hour. But if you install a GitHub app, you can see 15,000 tokens per hour. So I just built the thing that since GH and then calls this thing on Cloudflare if it's a read only. If it's a non mutating read only action from a public repository, it can use the GitHub app and then use the token from the GitHub app and not my token. Only if it's something that's mutating or it doesn't fit that that match it will use my token. Bam again, problem solved and all the tools are so good now, especially, especially Cloudflare. I didn't have I I I just explained the agent what I want. And then with the combination of really smart models browser use you don't have to do anything anymore. Like literally could configure Cloudflare itself. You probably still want to have a look at because you want to review if it actually doesn't mess up your security settings. But the idea is anytime, anytime you feel you feel pain, think of go, go, go, go level out and think about what, what can I do to like get rid of that pain? And then usually it will not only help you, it will help your whole team. And it's, it's A and it compounds. All the little tools are built help me to build faster. Another, another problem I had. Yeah, how? We're on time. Actually, I think we're good. Who who here had this problem? Who who's crazy enough to runs like more than let's say 10 codec sessions except Cloud 2. Yeah, you guys need to level up. So the project grew, it kind of exploded the code and the features grew. People reported bugs. Our test case grew and the tests were becoming more and more pain. You know, that's, that's the stuff kind of creeps in. It takes like took like 10 seconds and took 30 seconds and took a minute, then it took two minutes, 100 took 5 minutes. Then I optimized it from a mixed studio to work in one minute. And everybody complained that that like their computers were melting because they didn't have like 40 cores. So we had this shared painting again. And around the time I saw that, oops, oh, this doesn't, I saw that. What's it called? Blacksmiths. They had, they started something, a test box concept. So the idea is your computer power is limited, so you want to give the agent a little box where it can run the tests or do whatever it needs to be. That's that's super intensive and that's beautiful for a while. But the problem was their stuff was very new and was like, it was down for at least two hours a day. And by then our team was so dependent on it that like nothing would get done anymore in those two hours because see, I would break down and then tests would break down. So I was like, this is fine. I'll just build something that wraps it with alternatives. And that's how Crab Box was born because you have to keep it with the weird crustacean names. Again, very simple, a very simple concept. You spin up a little inferile machine in the cloud and then it our syncs your changes in there. Your report's already checked out. It runs the tests in there and then you to pay the all the CPU stuff that you would need to run the test on your machine. You can use really beefy hardware. You can massively parallelize everyone's happy. And then this, this tool quickly became like universally loft because it would it would use our main provider and if that one's down, it would just use AWS or now as Asia. And then people started making pull requests and now it supports like 20 providers. But it didn't stop there because I recognized this is actually way more useful because oftentimes we have bugs where Oh yeah, on on Windows there is AE Prem issue even though we use no, then it should be cross-platform. There's like always little weird details where cross-platform is a lie. And then in the past, I would just sometimes just like vibe it because I'm too lazy to spin up my Windows computer. I could spin up AVM, but then how do I get it into the VM? And then I kind of like have to do get codecs into the VM because I can't, I can't do get anymore without an agent because it's 3:00 AM and I'm tired. You know, you know, you have to fight friction. Like, like ultimately we are being lazy is good. So I noticed that I'm, I'm pushing SLOB because I'm too lazy to come up with a good testing system. So I added cross-platform support to crap box. And now anytime there's something that's hairy, I just tell my my agent, hey, test it on all OSS and it will not just like create one box, it will create three boxes. Or maybe maybe there's a big issue that's only on Red Hat. Sorry, Sally love Red Hat. And it will spin up four boxes and you can like, you can scale it infinitum and like increase your confidence that your code actually works. And it can do that in parallel, which is really amazing. And then once I built that got me thinking like, I have this bug, but it's like actually only on Windows on this browser. So I kind of need UI for that. People already solved that. Just add V&C into it. So now I have a crack box that like can recreate exact scenario and then my agent opens a browser with web VNC and in there there's already a browser waiting and a terminal and maybe Telegram or whatever I need so I can recreate the issue end to end and test it. That was amazing. But still like I had to click myself, you know, like laziness is good. So that got us the idea. Wouldn't it be cool if the clanker could do it? Of course they can do it. They have computer vision models could really good. So so now crapbox also has little little tools for screenshot and click and type. And now I can actually my agent can have its own little box with UI that it can use computer automation in to control the UI. And it's still not good enough. And like, I don't want to watch the clanker. I just want to see a video. So what we built next was Mantis, where now we have an agent that I can ping on a, on a pull request. They'll spin up correct boxes, make a video of the bug, fix it, make a video of the fix and actually look at the video and verify it. And then all I get I can basically I see an issue. I can ping clause Reaper to fix it. It will create the PR meant just for like do the visual verification and all I have to do is like look at the video and plus merge and that's all built based on me being annoyed. The next thing I noticed, like you would, you would use codecs. You were like do the prompt and then you would do slash review because you're like, you're kind of unsure maybe maybe I should review it. And then Cortex would find 3 issues and they're like, yeah, damn, they're like all of them sound real. So I'll fix it and run off for 1020 minutes, run all the tests again and you're like, is it really all fixed? Let's do slash review again. It would run for 10 minutes. It would find 2 new issues because it can't, can't show me all the issues at once. Yeah, yeah. It's just like they can't do it. You type fix again, you wait 20 minutes, you do something else, go back and like, yeah, but this is really fixed the slash review again. It would run for 20 minutes or 30 minutes. You would find another issues. And I don't know, have you done this? Like I did this and then there was one time I did this 10 times. It was the whole day. Like I I added support for line. I don't even use line, but like somebody was very passionate about it. I wanted to get it in and then all day I did this review and that was like, is it enough? Is enough? Like I like I feel like I'm the clanker. So I built auto review and in the beginning I thought, oh, this is kind of annoying. I probably need hooks or like maybe I have 4 codecs because codecs open source, I could totally do that. But that turns out it's actually way easier than that because agents are really good at following instructions for the last at least four or five months. So now there is one line in my agent dot MD that says before you commit or land APR, if you haven't done auto view it, run auto review. And again, you know, review, some people say look at the code with fresh eyes. Yeah, good luck with that. You know, like context doesn't really work that way, but. But you can just call. I don't know if you find the when you get the idea, you can just call the agent that you use SCLI with the commands that it should do. So you get a fresh context by just calling like I Codex calls codex to like run order review. There was a bug sometimes, Sometimes Codex was calling codex, calling Codex and calling codex and it took very long. I fixed that, but now I have a very reliable system that automatically runs many rounds of review and I also tuned the skill MD file to explain the agent. Not every review thing is valid you know. Sometimes they would find very good edge cases. So it's a little bit up to you to explain the agent, the, the, the, the conditions. What do you think is is valid running? For example, in our case, we don't expect that you randomly edit plug in files while the system is running. The agent doesn't know that. So like by default, it would write very defensive code to like deal with all of those things. So, so it's always a good idea to write all this invariance into your agent sort of D file. That's a good idea in general because you know that, but the clanker doesn't. And every time you start a new session, clanker memory is pretty much gone. So you, the more you tell it about your project, the better the time you'll have. I I went all in from very long agent files to like very short ones. And now mine are kind of long again, but with meaningful stuff. Every time you do that, it's also don't, don't write the text yourself. You know, none of this is written yourself. You don't know how to write to a clanker. In a way, the clanker writes to a clanker. So like you, you're going to explain what you want from the agent and the agent will write in its own words. And then every once in a while go into meta mode and just ask the agent, hey, is there anything that's confusing in your agent Solomon D file? And then they will usually tell you, yeah, well, this is confusing because here it says this and here it says this and then clean it up. Clean up any confusion because that's just token burner and we'll we'll give you a voice results. But I think if if you only take about two ideas from this talk, try auto review and try crap box. It totally revolutionized how we build software like my. My trust in in prompting and shipping is much, much higher with that stuff. There's another thing when we get PRS, I would love to know how people came to that PR like the good and the bad thing with agencies. Like a one line prompt can create 10 lines, 10/10/10 pages of content and you don't always know how much how much work was put in. So very early on in our contributor guidelines, I asked people to please send me the prompts and nobody would do it because there was just no good system, you know, And you, I was fighting against people's laziness. Of course they will not do it. That one took me a long time to figure out. But now I built the skill. If you use open claw and you contribute, you send a pull request to open claw. Your agent will ask you, hey, do you want to send a a privacy filtered version of the prompt? If you do that, we will look at your PR faster and then the user can type yes. And then the agent will upload, will, will, will look on the disk, will find its own transcript, will cut the transcript to the interesting parts, and then we'll add those transcript to the pull request. And suddenly I have a much more interesting data point about how much effort was put in because that's ultimately what you're after. Like, again, somebody can say fix issue number and send PR and it's like 4 words with five tokens. And, or somebody could actually spend a few hours and like have an actual discussion and you don't always know. So this has been extremely helpful in, in, in figuring out what's total slop and what's kind of good slop. And again, like I could have done this half a year ago. I just, I just didn't come to mind that actually it's that easy. Oftentimes we're not limited anymore by, by intelligence. The models are good enough now. Everything that, that we are limited off is our own imagination, how what you do with it and how to build things. Now I built all the review and it was like, oh this is amazing. And it made me really bad. It felt really bad for all the code that I committed without review. Now that I, I, I saw how much stuff the agent finds each time and ISO 255 five is good. But and yes it is really good. But still there's so many Boo boos like the especially enlargement. There's just mistakes and, and like difficult things the agent will only find after doing multiple rounds of reviews. So it got me worried like, oh, I wish I had done this earlier, but you can't really. There's no slash review for a project that has a million lines of code. There's too much. Like what should the agent focus on? There's too much for, for the context. It annoyed me. You know what, what I, what happens when I'm annoyed? So I, I, I built core patch. The principle is very simple, like, oh, you have a big project. Let's take it apart into like 50 little sub things, subsections by feature or whatever. However else you can like we can like separate it and then have the agent review each of those things separately. And then you can, you can download this, run this on, on your project and I guarantee you'll find a lot of interesting things. It's not, it's not quite as perfect as pair change because you would have to probably scale it up to thousands of codec sessions. Even with unlimited token. That's a problem. But it's really good at like cleaning up code bases. This is something that's not fully finished yet, but you know, I got, I was so into crap box. The more I worked with the team, the more did you have this where you ask your teammate and your teammate will pass stuff from your from the agent in the chat. And then you would, you would comment on it and then they would pass stuff into into the coding agent and they would they would pass stuff back into the chat. I'm like, I don't like, like you'll just intermediary. I want to talk to your clanker. So, so that's the last thing I built. This is crap fleet, which is basically we already have crap box where the tests run couldn't codex run in there as well? Turns out yes, it can. And then you have multiplayer codecs. So, so, so now if I work on something and I want a second opinion, I can just send a link to one of my my maintenance and like he can look at the session, talk to the session, take over the session. It's like multiplayer clanking. There's more stuff. We kind of rebuild Slack. Yeah. I don't know what happened there, but we went into this issue where we had all these model message channels and you often want to test it end to end. But there was sometimes features are very difficult to understand with all the complex API. You kind of want to see, see it in the UI. And I built this automation, but man, anytime I logged in, there was like a cloud flare, a capture or like like all these, all these companies really don't like it if you spin up something in the quick box, especially not if it's Linux based and there's nobody logged in And it just feels like, feels like someone's trying to hack their system. It's just trying to like make it work. But I can see why people don't like it or why their systems would freak out. So we just build our own messaging platform to like, test to like have real end to end test for something that we have under control. And then it got a little bit out of hand and now we kind of have a backup chat system that works whenever our team is done. It's called Click Clock. There's so much more. Where were we? I think I showed you I showed you a good part yes, of course, there's way more crawlers, but my my big my big take away for this is listen to your listen to your body. Listen when you're annoyed. Annoyance is is an amazing signal for we can automate this and then anytime you automate something, it compounds all these little tools, they're working together, right? I, I can only do the reports because I use disk crawl and I could only use crab fleet because I have crab box. Even though all of these are weird names, they are incredibly helpful in helping us ship a massive code base with a very small team. And with that, I do think we have a few minutes of Q&A. There is a microphone. There's a microphone here, so shoot. As you're building so. It's making some noise. Is it working? Yes, there we go. Sorry, as you're building this, this ecosystem and it becoming more like enterprise quote UN quote like do you feel that there are times? Where you want to build something but the dependency on the other things get in the way of you improving. Hadn't happened so far yet. Haven't. It's less dependencies, it's more like all those little tools compound and make building new tools faster in in many ways. Sometimes I use one tools in another tool, many other times, and that's a general trick when you work with agents. If you've sold something once, you can just tell your agent, look there, I already solved this there. They're really good at pedal matching. So I would actually say it really compounds. Sometimes something doesn't work out, but then you learn from it. Like like the token thing, where was it? Too many things? The token thing, the first version I built was just on my machine that was really awkward with the, the, the the GitHub app. So like I iterated a bunch in it and eventually it was like I ripped it all out. And I, I just told my agent, remove this feature here, rebuild this with this new idea, but take that part from that tool and like push it into your tool. And then like basically you save the prompting, right? Because you already you can just tell the agent look around this, look at the git history is a very smart at figuring out the context. Even better if you just press the the the whisper flow button and you just like you just talk about it. Sometimes. Sometimes we just talk in the team about it and I just press the button and codex are just listening on the conversation and just start building while we've been discussing. Even though there's like side chatter and blah, blah. But like it's it's clever enough to understand like this comment was a joke and this is important. So he's just like, you can just do stuff. Thank you. All right. Hi, Peter, this is Divya. My biggest question is, this is awesome, but imagine you have a billion things on your plate. Me as a solutions engineer and I love the concept of building my own agents, but I simply don't have the time to actually go ahead and build tools to help me be more efficient and save time. You notice they notice meme and like Stone Age where they had this car with rectangular- and then and then then the guy comes along with like the round one and they're like, oh, we don't have time. We're so busy. So the the beauty is all these tools, they can be massive slop. It's like you can literally you can tell the code is, Hey, look at this session and see the pain that I had to do building a tool that reduces the pain. This is the rough idea. You don't have to give it the programming language. Nothing matters for like those little tools. Like I use go. I don't even like go, but like, I know, I know that my agents are fast and go, so who cares? And then just like do it on the side, you know, it's like there's always space somewhere in the corner for little window for like experiments. And it also takes a fun a little bit back and then it it really compounds.